
                         --- Imperial AT-AT ---

Here's another ultra-high detail model of a StarWars vehicle done by me. The
first was the Millenium Falcon, called BIG_falcon.zip. Both were modeled after
plastic models, sparing no expense, down to the last rivet and panel. This 
one took considerably less time than the Falcon, only about 2 weeks. There's 
also a short animation of the Walker taking a few steps and firing it's guns 
several times waiting to be rendered in the Keyframer. 

I've seen several other models of StarWars ships and vehicles and most
have been pretty accurate and well done but all were lacking one thing: detail
It was the intense detail of objects like the Imperial Star Destroyer and 
Death Star and so on that blew my mind when i first saw the movies about 300
years ago. IMHO it's the detail that makes the stuff look so damn cool. Pipes
feeding into boxes and rivets on panels and hinges on access hatches, you name
it. It gives the object a sense of scale and even functionality. 

Now if you're thinking i'm a bit whacked in the head because of the lengths I 
went to to include every last bit of detail, you may be right. But after a 
few frustrating hours of high detail work I soon came to discover a couple 
tricks which make creating and placing all those panels and pipes and rivets 
and hatches very quick and simple. Take a look for yourself...... 

I've actually created several animations with the AT-AT and Falcon but on a 
P90 with 16 Megs of RAM things tend to go reeeeaalllllyyyy slllloooowwwwww...
like 2-6 hours a frame at 640x480.....so if anyone out there has about $15,000 
to spare then buy me an SGI...:)

The included GIF image is rendered in 640x480. Check it out....

The model was created entirely with Autodesk 3D-Studio vers.4 

                                                         Iven Connary
                                                         November 15, 1995 


P.S. If and when I can find the time my next project is gonna be an Imperial
Star Destroyer...I figure I'm gonna try to recreate the chase scene with
the Destroyers and the Falcon in the second movie. Maybe ILM will hire me ;)


------------------------------IMPORTANT!!!-----------------------------------

This model is not Shareware, Freeware or Public Domain. You may not use this 
model in any type or form of commercial production. In fact I don't think I'm 
allowed to either, since I modeled it but did not actually design it. But feel
free to download it, render it, look at it, drool over it, show to your 
friends, let them drool over it, and whatever else you may wish to do with it 
as long as it doesn't involve making money. 

One more thing, feel free to HIRE ME, as i am currently looking for a job.
Here's a few ways to get a hold of me:
        
        E-mail...........thak@kiwi.pyrotechnics.com
        IRC..............Thak (sometimes Thak_ or _Thak or _Thak_)
        Snail Mail.......Iven Connary
                         8936 Lavergne Ave.
                         Skokie, Illinois 60077
                         U.S.A.



